[Music]
squeeze res on TV favorite returning
male character the nominees are John
Wheeler from General Hospital Gavin
Graham from The Young and the Restless
[Applause]
and the Sofie goes to Gavin Graham from
The Young and the Restless
sending the award for favorite
Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani
from days of our lives
any one of the brilliant actresses
nominated for this award tonight
deserves to take it home unfortunately
only one can the nominees for favorite
Supporting Actress are from passions
errand golf from One Life to Live Mary
Lauren Bishop from All My Children
Sarah Renee and from Days of Our Lives
Jessica Ashley Jessica Ashley from David
unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with
us tonight so I'll be accepting this
award on her behalf and I'm sure that
Jessica would like to thank my parents
she'd also like to thank my friends
Chandler Monica Ross Phoebe and Rachel
who's sitting right there
[Music]
they're so fast which we had to get out
of there because my god you stole her
award no no no I'm accepting it on her
behalf I don't think you know would be
half means sure I do it's a verb as in I
behalf in it you have got to take this
back why I should have won one time and
I really wanted it she didn't even care
enough to come to the thing it could
also be a Grammy
no Joey come on Rach no one saw me take
it there was a whole table full of them
do you really want an award that you
didn't win no I want an award I did win
but nobody's giving me any of those if I
put it up there right when people come
over and they'll see it and don't think
I want it Joey it says Best Supporting
Actress I can scratch that right off no
this is wrong you have to take it back
okay you don't want to win an award this
way you're very talented and someday
you're gonna win one of these for real
and that one is gonna mean something
right thank you take it back tomorrow
[Music]
if I can't have you can't have it